died cuz of food poison
jumped off a building after seeing their new born child
died after doing too much heroin
died cuz of a mole rat in their asshole
died cuz of mr roubaie hEAd tO ClAss BOiSs
died of too much humping session
died of I WaNnA RIdE a BUnnyy
shitted too much after he ate harbane borgirs
died after he masterbated too much
died after he had shumbak lumbak with a donkey
moaned after he touched a boi
humped a weaselton with joy then fuckin died after
died after he contracted covid-20 from a mentally fucked up monke
commited suicide after he found out his girl is pregnant
got aids from the local strippper and died 
died after finding out woh asked
died after snapping their pp during shumbak lumbak 
drank bleach
supectedly died after taking the COVID vaccine.
was murdered after asking ragen who Aamna was
passed away due to eating nigerian and indian food at the same time
brutally killed by The Nigerian Terrorist Squadron after knowing too much...
was eaten alive by canibals.
couldn't handle the Harbane noises
died.
saw harbane legally buying condoms.
found the Turth.
woke up.
retardly but epicly stared into the eyes of batman.
exposed the dark side of Dhar Mann.
found Harbane's pregnancy test.
drowned in his own cum...
asked who Justin Bendo was.
questioned Harbane's power.
tried clapping Bob's cheeks in hypixel... never underestimate Bob.
wondered how it felt to be stabbed.
discovered Karlson release date.
went to highschool.
used '/die'
beat Harbane in chess.
ate toothpaste.
made Harbane weep tears.
asked what day is the assignment is due on the assignment due date.
tried to kill Imaad, miraculously failing in the proccess.
asked Harbane out.
looked in the mirror... and died of awe.
looked in the mirror... and died of cringe.
travelled to the universe where Amber Heard was telling the truth... a universe that dosen't exist.
kissed a cactus.
messed with Mahad.
slapped tomatoes... what happened next was shocking.
logged into reddit.com
insulted Harabane Gradients.
ate a grenade.
spotted a ship called the Jackdaw.
listened to Jake Paul's music.
was awake at 3:00 AM
was burnt to a crisp while trying to hide in a microwave.
died to rayyans 2mm deafeter after a 1 night stand.
disobeyed Master Oogway and suffered a painful death.
was killed by a stray bullet.
was killed by a rare harbane.
died after getting their guts busted.
died by a fat man in a little swing.
ate too much jello and got explosive diarrhea.
found out who the hot milf in their area is.
became radioactive after getting a blow job from a mermaid.
had too much car sex.
had sex with a 40 year old nun and later died to aids.
died in a plane crash after giving the pilots too much head.
died after choking on a hot dog.
died after getting beaten up by a gang of male strippers after not paying enough for the session.
died due to a nut allergy :smirk:.
killed by ahhnaaf after finding out {you know}'s address and phone number.
got killed by safwat after stealing his cocaine.
wanted to know how it feels so be shot.
put a carrot up their butt.
found the darkside of Harbane.
wanted to stay at a cemetary at 3am.
